[FEATURE]: Adding Functionality To Update Users (#5615)
recognai/rubrix: argilla-server/CHANGELOG.md

### Changed

> - API endpoint added to the User router to allow updates to User objects ([#5614](https://github.com/argilla-io/argilla/issues/5614))

Reviewer: We usually link to the PR with the changes.
```suggestion
- API endpoint added to the User router to allow updates to User objects ([#5615](https://github.com/argilla-io/argilla/pull/5615))
```
